ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
TO:	"Erik Fransen" <erikf@nada.kth.se>
REPLY:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 30/4/2004 15:7:31
-----------------------DATA----------------------

Dear Erik Fransen,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'A synapse which can switch from inhibitory to excitatory and back' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor William Holmes
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Decisions on presentation format (oral vs poster) will be made in early May and you will receive another e-mail then about your assignment.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


William Holmes and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
This is an exciting and very topical description of how recent evidence on co-release of GABA and glutamate coupled with dendritic release of transmitter could allow a switch from excitatory to inhibitory effects of synapses.  The presentation is very effective.  My very good score for correctness is based primarily on whether the experimental data which motivates the model will hold up -- but the data certainly comes from solid journals and labs.

Reviewer 2 :
I do not feel that this paper provides enough information to be read easily.  It depends upon a synapse from a presynaptic dendrite to an axon terminal.  References are given to earlier work, but there is no information about the nature of this synapse in the paper.  It is not clear what the neurotransmitter is or what the postsynaptic receptors (on the axon terminal are).  I think that some information needs to be provided on this point before the paper is published.

