ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
TO:	"Yoshihisa Kubota" <Yoshihisa.Kubota@uth.tmc.edu>
REPLY:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 30/4/2004 15:9:55
-----------------------DATA----------------------

Dear Yoshihisa Kubota,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'A Novel Monte-Carlo Simulation of Molecular Interaction and Diffusion in Postsynaptic Spine  ' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor William Holmes
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


William Holmes and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The paper clearly presents a potentially useful method for stochastic
simulations, and the algorithm seems reasonable. I have two suggestions

- Put in a couple of lines describing speed of execution, comparing
for example against the Gillespie algorithm for the same reaction.

- It would be useful to have an extra figure with a couple of curves of
diffusion from a point source at different time-points, to compare with
analytic solutions of the diffusion equation.

Is the code going to be made available for download ?

Reviewer 2 :
Clearly written.  The algorithm could be very useful.

