ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
TO:	"William Levy" <wbl@virginia.edu>
REPLY:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 30/4/2004 15:10:54
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Dear William Levy,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Conduction Velocity Costs Energy' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor William Holmes
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


William Holmes and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
A very clearly written paper.  Two suggestions 
1)  Please include an equation to show how metabolic cost is calculated
2)  Please give examples showing what the changes in Nernst battery values actually do to Ek and ENa.  It would seem that only values of b very close to 1 would have any chance of creating battery strengths that would be possible to observe in the squid.  This should be explicitly stated.

Reviewer 2 :
The authors use a modified version of Hodgkin and Huxley's model of
the squid giant axon to study the relationship between channel
conductances, reversal potentials, conduction speed and energy
expenditure. Their work is novel and interesting for a general
neuroscience audience, but in my opinion both the study and its
presentation could be improved in the following ways.

1) The authors do not give an explicit description how they model (a)
the gating capacitance and (b) the ATP consumption of the Na/K ATPase,
only a paper that has been submitted to J Neurophysiol is cited. As these
parts of the model are essential to understand their study they should
be included explicitly in the paper. In order for the paper not to
become too long one could easily shorten the introduction.

2) The authors calculate the change of energy consumption during
action potential propagation. It should be interesting to compare this
with the baseline value of energy expenditure to maintain the Na/K
gradients and the energetic cost of synaptic transmission. Their
simulation results should be compared with relevant experimental data
e.g. from Attwell (see e.g. J Cereb Blood Flow Metab 21, 1133-1145,
2001).

3) The authors argue that increasing the velocity beyond 21.3 m/s
results in prohibitive energetic costs (last sentence of the
introduction). This claim is too strong, there is nothing special
about the given value of conduction speed as far as energy expenditure
is concerned. However, 21.3 m/s is the value where increasing the
channel conductances ceases to result in a significant increase in
speed (their Fig. 2) which seems to indicate that speed is a more
relevant selective parameter.

4) References should be given for model parameters like resting
conductivity and gating capacitance.

5) The study would be improved by including a simulation where only
the Na conductance, but not the K conductance, is varied.

6) In the introduction, 'Hodgkin's proposal' should be replaced by
'Hodgkin and Adrian's proposal'.

