ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
TO:	"peter roper" <pete.roper@nih.gov>
REPLY:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 30/4/2004 15:13:0
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Dear Peter Roper,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Frequency-dependent depletion of secretory vesicle pools modulates bursting in vasopressin neurones of the rat supraoptic nucleus' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor William Holmes
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Decisions on presentation format (oral vs poster) will be made in early May and you will receive another e-mail then about your assignment.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


William Holmes and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
Page 3  "D facilitated its own action" Could this be explained more clearly
and justified experimentally ?

Page 4  "D acts by shifting the Kd of the plateau current." This presumably
means that Ca binds the channel with some Kd, and the bound state of the
channel is inactive. While it is clear that the author is condensing a
description of earlier work, it would be useful to explicitly state the
underlying reaction. What is the order of the reaction ?

The interactions described are rather involved. The description of the system
would benefit from a block diagram of all the interactions, perhaps as
another panel in Figure 1.

Reviewer 2 :
While it is clear from the model that an increase in burst length can be explained with a depletion of the RRP or IRP pool of VP vesicles, it is not clear why burst length does not continue to rise at higher frequencies (above 20 Hz).  Nor is it clear why delta would not also become smaller (depleted) at higher frequencies.  This should be explained better.

Minor--"for so" should be "so for" after eq. 5.

