ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
TO:	"Jonathan Rubin" <rubin@math.pitt.edu>
REPLY:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 30/4/2004 15:13:52
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Dear Jonathan Rubin,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Spike-timing dependent plasticity as a mechanism for ocular dominance shift' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor William Holmes
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


William Holmes and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
Nice paper.
Minor comments 

1) the relation of the phase oscillators
to quadratic or leaky integrate-and-fire neurons
should be explained for the computational neuroscience audience

2) Earlier work on additive STDP 
by Gerstner et al (1996) and Kempter et al (1999)
should be mentioned.

3) The relation to the approach and results
 of  Song and Abbott (reference [20]) should be discussed in more length

Reviewer 2 :
Although the paper is interesting and it seems soundly executed, there are a few assumptions that are questionable. 1) It is not clear that at the age in which monocular deprivation is induced by ref 16 that there is no plasticity in layer 4.  It might be demished, but even this is not clear.  2) Cells in layer 4 of Cat (unlike primate) are binocular.  Deprivation will therefore not have a very different effect of the inputs from the 'deprived' and 'non-deprived' layer 4 column.
Instead of trying to make a model with a single set of parameters (which are unknown) to account for experimental results it is interesting to see how the different parameters effect these results. For example changing the spontaneous (in layer 4 or LGN) by changeing w, can have a profound impace on the rate of deprivation.  Instead of having one w for MI and one for MS, it would be more informative to say how the parameter w effects the deprivation rate. 

