ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
TO:	"John Wolf" <wolfjo@neuroengineering.upenn.edu>
REPLY:	"William Holmes" <holmes@ohio.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 30/4/2004 15:16:49
-----------------------DATA----------------------

Dear John Wolf,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'The Role of NMDA Currents in State Transitions of the Medium Spiny Neuron in a Network Model of the Nucleus Accumbens' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor William Holmes
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


William Holmes and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The results are quite terse.  It is not clear at all what is being shown in Figure 2.  What is the solid thick line supposed to represent?  What is the thinner solid line supposed to represent?

Please explain what we are supposed to see in the figure.  Where are the up and down states?

A much better explanation of the results is necessary.

Reviewer 2 :
This paper presents a model of non-linearity in the response of medium spiny neurons in the nucleus accumbens to glutamatergic input - proposing that NMDA receptors could contribute to the membrane staying in the "up" state.  The paper is well presented and very topical.

