ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Don Johnson" <dhj@rice.edu>
TO:	"Charles Anderson" <cha@wustl.edu>
REPLY:	"Don Johnson" <dhj@rice.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 2/4/2004 1:4:38
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Charles Anderson,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Large Scale Networks for Contextual Inference, Routing and Motor Control' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Don Johnson
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Don Johnson and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
A short review of the "hidden layer" concept would be useful before you use it.

Is the G encoder in (3) supposed to be the same as the caligraphic G in (5) and (7)?  Is this a linear or a non-linear encoder?

Is the vector \tilde\phi really the same in (3) and (5).

Are the w_li weightings from (7) supposed to be the elements of the weighting matrix W_l in (2)?

Some of these appear to be discrepancies in the notation, and it makes it very difficult to follow the paper.  Please spend more effort clearly defining your notation and making it consistent.

The authors jump quickly to the result that the form in (8) can be used to decode the original bilinear form in (2).  It is not clear to me why this conclusion is true.  The bilinear form in (2) appears to be an multiplicative encoding of the XY pairs, whereas (8) (and the underlying result in (7)) appear to be using an additive encoding of the activity in X and Y.  If there is a connection here, it has been lost on me and needs to be explained more clearly.

In the SNR analysis you assume that Z has the same SNR as the inputs X and Y.  Are you assming then that the computation can be performed noise-free even with noisy units?

The author mentions several tasks (contextual inference, dynamic routing, and nonlinear control) where the bilinear form may be important.  Is there evidence that these tasks are indeed used and relevant to some biological system?  If so, a direct citation would be useful.

Reviewer 2 :
Although the mathematical formalism seems to be concise, it is not easy to judge if it really solves the 'multiplication problem'. The final paper should contain at least one working example of an implementation of this framework (in order to convince the non-mathematicians among us...).
I also have found some minor typos 
- page 3  'Having a sufficient number...'
- page 5  '...from conventional digital computers...'
- page 6  '...have been simulated using...'

