ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Don Johnson" <dhj@rice.edu>
TO:	"William Levy" <wbl@virginia.edu>
REPLY:	"Don Johnson" <dhj@rice.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 2/4/2004 1:4:44
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear William Levy,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Computing Conditional Probabilities in a Minimal CA3 Pyramidal Neuron' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Don Johnson
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Don Johnson and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
-p2, equation 1  Do the author set cii=0? Why not use wij=0 as a way of indicating no synapses between I and j, rather than using cij? The feedback term could be factored in the 1st term. Why are all feedbacks equal (KFB constant, rather than KFBij)? Why would neuron j equally care about all neurons Is state of reception of external forcing?
-p3,equation 2  explain the notations when introducing the equation, or postpone the introduction to the end of section 3.
-p9  How would you include inhibition to avoid explosion?
-p9  Make clear the advantages of using this model over the traditional McCulloch-Pitts neurons. Does this model give insights on the neurobiology (or neural coding strategies in the presence of noise)?
- Why would one use this model, rather than the existing ones?


Reviewer 2 :


