ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Don Johnson" <dhj@rice.edu>
TO:	"William Levy" <wbl@virginia.edu>
REPLY:	"Don Johnson" <dhj@rice.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 11/4/2004 18:27:30
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear William Levy,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Synaptic Failures and a Gaussian Excitation Distribution' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Don Johnson
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Don Johnson and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer Comments :
It is not clear to me why the authors are interested in obtaining a Gaussian distribution for their inputs.  In the abstract, the authors state,  . . . the failure process . . . moves a neurons input excitation distribution closer to a gaussian, which then helps a neuron more precisely achieve an energetically desirable firing rate.  I understand that reducing the firing rate is energetically favorable, but I do not understand how the gaussian distribution helps.  This reasoning should be stated clearly in the introduction.

Section 2, par 1.  A synapse can release several vesicles, not just one.  

On p. 2, par. 2, The summed excitation the neuron receives is a random variable . . . , and as the crudest approximation it supposes that its inputs are binomially distributed (Bin(n,p)).  There is little reason to believe that a neurons inputs are directly summed, and this assumption should be explained.

P.3 par. 2 using the mean and variance of the simulation.  Which simulation?  The one for the true distribution?  Clarify.

Define n and p.  p is the most unclearpresumably it is the probability that a vesicle is released, but over what time period?

Section 3.  Again, it is not clear to me why you want to approximate the binomial distribution as a gaussian when you can obtain the correct value.  The motivation needs to be more clearly stated.

How are you obtaining firing rates?  What are the units? 

Section 4.  Define skewness and kurtosis here, rather than in sections 5 and 6.  Having both formal and intuitive definitions here would help the discussion.

Section 5.  Why is a mixture of two binomials any better than one binomial?  Remove the sentence about hidden Markov models.

Section 6.  This section is very hard to understand.  State the reasons for the cases in words.  Also, the notation changed herebefore mean and variation were denoted by a m and a sigma.  Remove descriptions of leptokurtosis and platykurtosis, and instead reference the figures.

Section 7.  It is easy for a neuron to set an energy-efficient firing rate.  It is only difficult to compute what that threshold is for a human.  Consequently, I do not understand the first sentence.
