ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Don Johnson" <dhj@rice.edu>
TO:	"Aaron Shon" <aaron@cs.washington.edu>
REPLY:	"Don Johnson" <dhj@rice.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 11/4/2004 18:31:33
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Aaron Shon,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Implementing belief propagation in neural circuits' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Don Johnson
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Don Johnson and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer Comments :
The paper proposes mechanisms by which neurons could
implement belief propagation-type messaging.  I am not an expert in neural circuits and functionality, but according to the authors statements, I think it could be possible.

However, the authors did not present a compelling motivation for what this type of messaging would actually accomplish.  The authors simply suggest that "the belief expresses the probability that a neuron should either not fire or fire at a given moment."  What does this mean?  Usually belief propagation is used to compute the posterior probability of some event.  I would have like to have seen more discussion of what belief propagation might be computing in neural networks, in addition to the proposed neural functions that might make it possible.  
