REMINDER:	2 2004031508:45:37
REMINDER:	1 2004030510:04:31
GRANT:	rev
FROM:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
TO:	Polani Daniel<d.polani@herts.ac.uk>
REPLY:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Tue 17/2/2004 14:12:30
-----------------------DATA----------------------

Dear Polani Daniel,

Concerning the paper : Learning Temporal Clusters with Synaptic Facilitation and Lateral Inhibition.
From : Chris Baker.

eytan ruppin would like to invite you to review the paper referenced above which has been submitted to the CNS*04 meeting which be held in Baltimore this summer (http://www.cnsorg.org). If you accept this invitation we expect you to complete your review within 3 weeks.

You will find instructions on how to react to this e-mail at the bottom of the message, please let us know asap whether you accept or decline to review this paper.  The neuroinf server will send you reminder e-mails if you do not react.

Your review will serve two goals:
First, the authors have requested that their paper will be included in the conference proceedings to be published in the journal Neurocomputing (http://authors.elsevier.com/JournalDetail.html?PubID=505628&Precis=DESC).  Therefore (and this is new in 2004) you are asked to review this as a regular journal manuscript.  Most important are your suggestions for revisions if needed (use the Author Comment field).  Important scores for proceedings papers are Originality and Correctness as bad scores for either are formal criteria for rejection of the paper for publication.  Note that we plan to reject a minority of papers only and will allow authors to present their work as a poster even if the paper is rejected for publication (papers have already been screened by the Action Editor for appropriateness to the meeting).   
There will not be any re-review.
Second, the presenting author has also requested an oral contribution. As 133 authors requested an oral contribution, but we have slots for only ~33 'regular' 20 min talks plus 3 'featured' 40 min talks. Your second task is therefore to help us in making this selection.  Besides suggesting an Assignment you are also asked to score the paper for Quality, Significance, Originality, Correctness and Clarity.  Papers will be ranked based on a weighted total of these scores and only the top half will be used to select oral presentations.  Note that only authors who requested a featured 40 min talk can be given one and they will have provided a short motivation for giving a longer talk.

Finally, don't forget to press submit when you have finished your review!

Thank you for helping us to put together a high quality CNS meeting.

Best regards,


eytan ruppin (action editor) and Erik De Schutter (program chair)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

To accept or decline this invitation to the review process, please go to http://www.neuroinf.org and press the button "my menu" and follow the instructions on the logon-screen. After a successful logon (or new registration if this was your first visit) you will see your menu.

Press the link "Activate my new privileges" if you accept the review. You will be asked to enter the activation key provided at the bottom of this mail. Press "Submit" to activate your review options. The system provides a link back to your menu or an option to start the review immediately. When you go back to the menu or logon later you will notice that you have a new menu title : "Review records in the database:" with as subset 
"For: Name, CNS 2004, Review paper submission".

Press the link "Reject the activation-key send to you" to decline the review. You will be asked to enter the activation key provided at the bottom of this mail.

Activation-key: ->D8gWDDqVnY%R<-
(The key is the part BETWEEN -> <-)



--------- END ---------
