ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
TO:	"Chris Baker" <clbaker@cs.washington.edu>
REPLY:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 4/4/2004 22:45:37
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Chris Baker,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Learning Temporal Clusters with Synaptic Facilitation and Lateral Inhibition' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor eytan ruppin
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


eytan ruppin and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The study introduces a network model using short-term plasticity in order to implement a temporal clustering algorithm. The paper discusses briefly some results of a pilot study that implements two cortical columns. The paper shows that the algorithm identifies correctly the temporal clusters.  

I find it quite difficult to discuss the significance of this model without the results of more rigorous tests to demonstrate the level of performance the model achieves.
Further analysis should compare the dynamic synapses approach to other relevant models in the literature.	

Reviewer 2 :
The paper combines ideas from dynamical neural networks with the
clustering capabilities of Self-Organizing Maps.

This is a nice combination of different concepts to address one of the
most important problems of pattern recognition.

Use consistent referencing style - in particular, your references
should mention the year of the publications. E.g. Refs [1-3] do not.

On Page 4, explain T when it first appears. 

Page 5  I did not check formulas (7)-(10) for correctness.

By 'recursive', do you mean with respect to time 't'?

Page 6  you say, 'unlike the model in [6], our [...] units correspond
to [...] columns'. The reader should not be assumed to know [6], so
you should mention that correspondence as opposed to what?

Page 7, Eq. (11)  use the symbols consistently. Three lines above,
theta has a lower index 'c', in (11), however, it's an upper index.

Page 8, Fig. 1  In Fig. b, use, at least nominally, two different line
styles for distinguishing Correct and Estimated. In black/white print,
both lines look identical. You should probably mention explicitly that
the lines lines overlap completely.

You are talking, right at the end, about data from different sensor
modalities. This is interesting. Do you plan to fuse the data from the
different modalities, or only feed them into your model individually?

Page 9, it is not clear how to read Fig. 2. 

The authors may want to quote Taylor's work on temporal analysis using
leaky integrator neurons.


