ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
TO:	"Baran Curuklu" <baran.curuklu@mdh.se>
REPLY:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 4/4/2004 22:45:38
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Baran Curuklu,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'A Model of the Summation Pools within the Layer 4 (Area 17)' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor eytan ruppin
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


eytan ruppin and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The exact structure of the Bayesian network (i.e. the network interconnections) is not sufficiently detailed. Figure 1A is not clear (e.g. the overall illustration concept and the distinction between thick and thin lines are confusing) and it is used to demonstrate too many of the simulation results. At least some of the results should be illustrated differently and more directly. 


Reviewer 2 :
1. how much do your results depend on paramters such as simulation time step, membrane time constant?
2. the difference between two simulations (1B and 1C) has to be inspected by the figures. I suggest that a quantitative analysis is performed to distinguish these two extermes, together, maybe with intermediate situation.

