ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
TO:	"Robert Kozma" <rkozma@memphis.edu>
REPLY:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 4/4/2004 22:45:40
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Robert Kozma,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'LEARNING INTENTIONAL BEHAVIOR IN THE K-MODEL
OF THE AMYGDALA AND THE CORTICO-HYPPOCAMPAL FORMATION' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor eytan ruppin
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


eytan ruppin and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
A more extensive review of K sets models and their validity should have been included. 
Further details of the experimental model could have dramatically improve the clarity of the paper. 
Most importantly, it seems that the relatively small set of experiments and experimental results reported in the paper is hardly extensive enough to allow for the suggested conclusions.

Reviewer 2 :
The overall idea of the paper is interesting. 

The authors should, however, for the sake of the uninitiated reader,
give a very brief intro into the general principles and mechanisms of
the K models. It would be helpful to have a diagram giving an overview
of how (and on which levels of abstraction, connections or connection
bundles, short/long timescales) the models interact with each other.

Page 4  third paragraph 'emergence of chaotic behaviour' inspires
interest, but is not entirely clear. What do you mean by 'capture'?

In fourth line  'The KIV dynamics it is not the result' - remove the
word 'it'.

Fourth paragraph, how is the percentage of variance be measured to be
covariant? Is that a proportion of the correlation coefficient or
something else?

Page 5  bottom paragraph - is the reinforcement with respect to the
goal measured purely internally, or by external (supervised) methods.

You should probably motivate why positive reinforcement is performed
in the hippocampus while negative reinforcement is sent into cortical
KIII. If that is motivated by biology, please state so.

Page 6  Does the robot itself determine whether it hits an obstacle or
is trapped, or is this an explicit external stimulus?

The two sentences 'During the labeling... Instead, the robot
collects...' are not clear. Please rephrase.

Paragraph 2  the 153 steps it took the robot from start to goal - was
that measuring an experiment for a pre-trained robot or from a
complete tabula rasa network?

Page 7  can you construct analogies to similar experiments, e.g. in
animals?

You might want to mention briefly why the sparsity of the projections
are important in your model (you mention that several times).

