ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
TO:	"William Levy" <wbl@virginia.edu>
REPLY:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 4/4/2004 22:45:40
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear William Levy,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Activity Affects Trace Conditioning Performance in a Minimal Hippocampal Model' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor eytan ruppin
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


eytan ruppin and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
An interesting paper. The authors should also be commended for the clarity of presentation.
1) Within the simulations, the lengths of the CS/UCS patterns vary with the activity level. For a low values of activity (e.g. 0.05) the CS/UCS length
is only 15 neurons!! Considering the fact that the network is sparse (10% probability of connection), the demonstrated effect and the failure to
recall/predict in low activity setting may stem simply from the short length of the CS patterns, failing to induce sufficient network activation for
training.
2) It would be interesting to further examine the sources of the demonstrate effect induced by the activity level parameterization. In particular,
varying the activity settings only in the training phase may provide important insights to the dynamics of the learning process. 
3) A direct analysis of the correlation between predication and recall could contribute to the validity of the results.
4) With regard to figure 2, it would be interesting to explore the recall and prediction quality for higher levels of activity.
5) An interesting approach to improve the biological validity of the model would be to use spiking neurons model rather than McCulloch-Pitts neurons. Such neurons may markedly improve time-related behaviors.

Reviewer 2 :
The paper extends a previous hippocampal model for trace conditioning,
and studies the behavior of this model as a function of a single
parameter  the overall activity. In difference from other
hetero-associative memory tasks, here the task is a delayed recall,
where the network is only tested for pattern retrieval after 22
network steps. The authors show that low activity level is
insufficient for robust recall.

Charting the relevant parameters regime is indeed important in
modeling. My main concern is about the tight relation of the activity
parameter to other network parameters. In the model described in this
paper, the authors describe the "excitation" Y_i to a neuron (a
continuous number), but do not explain how exactly it is transformed
into thge binary "activity" value Z_i. This is standardly done using a
threshold parameter (also in other papers of the authors), which must
be set in a way that depends on the activity in the network. Without
an explanation how this parameter is set, it is not clear if the
effects described here merely reflect an inconsistency in the way
parameters are chosen  An arbitrary threshold would fit some activity
values (say 12.5%) but not others (say 5%). Similarly, the effective
activity in the network is to a first approximation a simple function
of the connectivity level. To be able to draw conclusions from such
simulations, one has to compare recall at different activity levels
but with setting optimal threshold for each activity. I expect the
authors to clarify this point.

Another concern is the lack of any formal analysis. The main advantage
in using models with binary neurons is that one can study their
behavior analytically. Some tools (e.g. signal-to-noise analysis
Amit,89) provide easy ways to analyse the effects of parameters on
performance, which presumably can be applied in the current case in a
rather straight forward manner. While I do not pose it as a
requirement for the revised paper, it would improve the paper
considerably. It also worths mentioning the work of Aertsen et al
about the stability of synfire volleys as a function of the activity
level and volley coherence. It would be interesting to understand if
the same principles that determine the parameter regime in that other
model also hold here.

Other comments  What happens when the activity goes higher?  Are the
simulations typical? were they repeated for several random
initializations?

