ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
TO:	"Andras Lorincz" <alorincz@axelero.hu>
REPLY:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 4/4/2004 22:45:41
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Andras Lorincz,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Attentional filtering in neocortical areas  A top-down model' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor eytan ruppin
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


eytan ruppin and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
This paper builds on a previously presented high-level model of the neocortex and extends it to model attentional filtering. After a brief exposition of the model, the various elements of its architecture are mapped unto the neocortex, and some of its predictions (and collaborating experimental evidence) are underlined.
The paper sketches an intriguing approach to neocortical modeling, and I am looking forward to the continuation of this line of work.
I agree with the author's assertion that the high degree of technicality of this paper precludes it from being presented as a poster, and should be alloted an oral presentation. 

Reviewer 2 :
Need to relate your work to past related models, such as ART which also deals with top-down attentional filtering, and forward-models of motor control.  Paper would be greatly improved by having results of some sort between Sect. 2 Model Description and Sect. 3 Discussion/Conclusion.  Also, can you clearly state at the start what is different about your model than standard control models?  The mapping onto the six neocortical layers was interesting.

