ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
TO:	"Peter Murray" <p.murray@utoronto.ca>
REPLY:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 4/4/2004 22:45:42
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Peter Murray,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Reduced Kinetic Schemes of Short-term Synaptic Plasticity in Inhibitory Network Models' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor eytan ruppin
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


eytan ruppin and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The main idea expressed in the paper is a method to link between the complex and simple model, showing a "reduced" simple scheme of the networks dynamics. Since this is the basic idea the sections describing the method should be more precise.

The paper lacks a number of computational measures in order to evaluate the work properly.
1.	How stable are the parameters fitted? How many solutions are there? It would be of interest to present the full error map.
2.	A comparison of the final parameters between the simple and complex model (after the fitting) is missing. Can one learn something out of these parameters values?

Reviewer 2 :


