ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
TO:	"Panayiota Poirazi" <poirazi@imbb.forth.gr>
REPLY:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 4/4/2004 22:45:44
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Panayiota Poirazi,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Modelling reduced excitability in aged CA1 neurons as a calcium-dependent process' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor eytan ruppin
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


eytan ruppin and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The study is based on a model to study aging induced alterations in calcium-dependent membrane mechanisms.

The authors should add in the model validation sections, a more detailed comparison to the biological experiments, not leaving the reader just a visualized comparison (give a well defined comparison of the time constants, changes in amplitude, membrane potential).

Based on the conclusions of the compartmental model, it is very important to understand the biological implications. 
What biological predictions can be made? 
What kind of biological mechanisms exists to support the L-type calcium and SK potassium channels coupling?
What biological evidence can imply the change in the L-type channel conductance or decay rate of the calcium pool, which is what occurs in the model in order to trace the experimental observations?

The quality of figures 2 and 3 must be improved.     

Reviewer 2 :
The paper poses an interesting question about aging. It is not
clear, however, why the authors chose to use a multi-compartmental
model. Such a  complicated model does not enable any 
understanding of the dynamics. I think the mechanism can
be made simple in the framework of a more reduced model.

