ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
TO:	"Tetsuto Minami" <minami@po.nict.go.jp>
REPLY:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 4/4/2004 22:45:47
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Tetsuto Minami,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Roles of the prefrontal neurons in delayed matching-to-category task  A modeling study' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor eytan ruppin
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


eytan ruppin and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
This paper explores the role of the PFC in categorization, and the neuronal mechanisms involved in category information. The study simulates the delayed matching-to-category task as appears in Freedman et al (2000). It shows that the category-selective activities in the PFC can be explained by using bottom-up processes from ITC to PFC. This model mimics the psychophysical performance, as well as reproduced the temporal patterns of the category-selective neurons in the PFC.

It seems to be an interesting work, but the authors need to be more clear 
(a) that a category selectivity in the PFC can be explained only by a bottom-up process from ITC to PFC. 
(b) that the apparent selectivity of ITC neurons reflects a top-down signal from PFC (a  better demonstration is needed). 

Reviewer 2 :
The authors present a model of underlying neuronal architecture for a cognitive task.
The model seems reasonable.

I have a few comments 
1.The sentence at the end of page 2 is too strong. A model cannot show that the process is the one you suggested. You can only suggest it as a reasonable possibility.
2.along the same lines - the end of first paragraph in section 2 page 3. The 'empirical finding' that models usually fit the truth sounds like bad science. 

Conclusion  for a model to be proved correct it is best to suggest new experiments, based on the model, and verify their conclusions. I suggest you incorporate such suggestions in the final version.

