ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
TO:	"Carter Wendelken" <cwendelken@ucdavis.edu>
REPLY:	"eytan ruppin" <ruppin@math.tau.ac.il>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Sun 4/4/2004 22:45:48
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Carter Wendelken,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Connectionist Mechanisms for Cognitive Control' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor eytan ruppin
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


eytan ruppin and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
SHRUTI, a model of inference and decision-making developed by the authors is proposed as a useful vehicle for exploring the problem of cognitive control. This paper suggests a set of primitive control mechanisms (monitoring, filtering, selection, maintenance, organization, and manipulation), to demonstrate the use of those mechanisms in a complex control process.

Although the authors claim to demonstrate that cognitive control can be achieved via relatively simple and neurobiologically plausible connectionist mechanisms I find it quite difficult to address such a claim referring to the models significance without some more rigorous tests to demonstrate the model performance and its relevance. 

Reviewer 2 :
The paper descibes how several components required for cognitive control can be implemented as small connectionist models to be used as building blocks for a larger model.
 
While the authors make a convincing argument for the need of cognitive "controls" for complex tasks, and clearly describe some components of a control system, the reader is left to wonder "can it actually work?". How would these components be combined to a single functioning system? What types of tasks can be achived with the described
components and which cannot? It would have been most beneficial if the authors could implement and analyse a task that cannot be addressed without a control component, but is well performed by SHRUTI-agent that has it. This will allow a quantitative discussion about the
effectiveness of the components they suggest.
 
Minor 
Some figure numbers are missing (sec 2.1)


