ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Alain Destexhe" <destexhe@iaf.cnrs-gif.fr>
TO:	"Anatoli Gorchetchnikov" <anatoli@cns.bu.edu>
REPLY:	"Alain Destexhe" <destexhe@iaf.cnrs-gif.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 5/4/2004 22:31:3
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Anatoli Gorchetchnikov,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'A simple rule for spike-timing-dependent plasticity  local influence of AHP current' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Alain Destexhe
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Alain Destexhe and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
There isn't too much to say about this paper.  It is fine, but Fig 2 is of poor quality and should be redone.

Reviewer 2 :
The effect the authors use to get STDP is easy
to understand  if the somatic membrane potential
is above threshold (i.e. during a spike)
the value of the synaptic conductance 
is used to trigger LTP.
If the somatic membrane potential is below
rest (i.e., during spike-afterhyperpolarization)
the inverse process occurs.

It therefore seems that (given a spike
with AHP)  the model is formally
equivalent to a four-factor model
first proposed by Gerstner et al. 
(see review in SPIKING NEURON MODELS')
and popularized by Buonomano.
A related factor model has 
also been proposed by Abarbanel

The relation to these and other
models of STDP should be discussed in more
detail (only the relation to 
the model of Porr is discussed so far).

