ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Alain Destexhe" <destexhe@iaf.cnrs-gif.fr>
TO:	"Jeanette Hellgren Kotaleski" <jeanette@nada.kth.se>
REPLY:	"Alain Destexhe" <destexhe@iaf.cnrs-gif.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 5/4/2004 22:31:3
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Jeanette Hellgren Kotaleski,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'The role of background synaptic noise in striatal fast spiking interneurons' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Alain Destexhe
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Alain Destexhe and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
(1) In the Introduction, first paragraph  Please specify explicitly if up- and down-states occur in vitro or in vivo. Also, in the second paragraph, could you please add a reference or coarse discussion about the reasoning for assuming down-state activity as noise and the up-states as signal. 

(2) Methods  Was the cell used obtained by morphological reconstruction of a real cell? If not, please justify your approach.

(3) Methods  Could you please add some more parameter values, like number of synapses, passive and active properties (densities of active conductances etc etc).

(4) Results  The resonance curves are barely visible, and in my understanding the authors argue for and against SR. Could you please clarify this points. In particular  is it possible to add more datapoints in Fig.3 A and B, and to maybe enhance the statistics by doing longer simulations?

(5) Discussion, last paragraph  The comparison with Rudolph & Destexhe is interesting and plausible. However, what do the Authors mean with "difference is cell type"? This point should be extended (comparison of different input statistics, number of synapses, active properties, morphology, etc etc).

Reviewer 2 :
This is a nice contribution, but it is a little difficult to determine what question is being asked?  Is the only job of this neuron to detect up-states?  If so, not much of the various complicated features of this cell are required for the job.

