GRANT:	rev
FROM:	"Leslie Kay" <lkay@uchicago.edu>
TO:	Baum Shari<shari.baum@mcgill.ca>
REPLY:	"Leslie Kay" <lkay@uchicago.edu>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Tue 9/3/2004 16:54:49
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Dear Prof. Baum,

Concerning the paper : The Source of Hemifield Asymmetries in Visual Word Recognition.
From : Carol Whitney.

Leslie Kay would like to invite you to review the short paper referenced above which has been submitted to the CNS*04 meeting (Computational Neuroscience) which be held in Baltimore this summer (http://www.cnsorg.org). If you accept this invitation we expect you to complete your review within 3 weeks, or sooner if you can manage it.

We have had difficulty getting a second reviewer for this paper, as it is somewhat outside of the mainstream topics for this meeting. If you are unable to review this paper, it would be helpful if you could ask someone in your laboratory or suggest a colleague or two whom you feel could adequately review the paper. A quick response on this would be very much appreciated.

You will find instructions on how to react to this e-mail at the bottom of the message, please let us know asap whether you accept or decline to review this paper.  The neuroinf server will send you reminder e-mails if you do not react.

The presenting author has requested an oral contribution. As 133 authors requested an oral contribution, but we have slots for only ~33 'regular' 20 min talks plus 3 'featured' 40 min talks. Your task is therefore to help us in making this selection.  Besides suggesting an Assignment you are also asked to score the paper for Quality, Significance, Originality, Correctness and Clarity.  Papers will be ranked based on a weighted total of these scores and only the top half will be used to select oral presentations.  Note that only authors who requested a featured 40 min talk can be given one and will have provided a short motivation for giving a longer talk.

Finally, don't forget to press submit when you have finished your review!

Thank you for helping us to put together a high quality CNS meeting.

Best regards,


Leslie Kay (action editor) and Erik De Schutter (program chair)


------------------------------------------------------------------------

To accept or decline this invitation to the review process, please go to http://www.neuroinf.org and press the button "my menu" and follow the instructions on the logon-screen. After a successful logon (or new registration if this was your first visit) you will see your menu.

Press the link "Activate my new privileges" if you accept the review. You will be asked to enter the activation key provided at the bottom of this mail. Press "Submit" to activate your review options. The system provides a link back to your menu or an option to start the review immediately. When you go back to the menu or logon later you will notice that you have a new menu title : "Review records in the database:" with as subset 
"For: Name, CNS 2004, Review paper submission".

Press the link "Reject the activation-key send to you" to decline the review. You will be asked to enter the activation key provided at the bottom of this mail.

Activation-key: ->ymc@*tNUDUfn<-
(The key is the part BETWEEN -> <-)



--------- END ---------