ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
TO:	"Jesse Gillis" <jesse.gillis@utoronto.ca>
REPLY:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Tue 4/5/2004 20:5:24
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Jesse Gillis,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Characterizing in vitro Hippocampal Ripples using Time-Frequency Analysis' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made and you present your paper at the CNS*04 meeting.

Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor barry richmond
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


barry richmond and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
In general the entire manuscript is very hard to read. Use of un-necessary jargon should be minimized and all the jargon that is necessary should be clearly defined and explained. For example, the discussion of various methods of doing time-frequency analysis on page 2 is non-transparent. In particular what are the cross-terms? Similarly most panels in figure 1 have no axes labels and the axes in panel A are impossible to read. The legends too are very cryptic. In particular, there should be a figure that clearly shows and compares the results of time-frequency analysis using various algorithms implemented by the authors.

Reviewer 2 :


