ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
TO:	"Soo-Young Lee" <sylee@kaist.ac.kr>
REPLY:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 3/5/2004 23:34:0
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Soo-Young Lee,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Learning self-organized topology-preserving complex speech features at primary auditory cortex' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made and you present your paper at the CNS*04 meeting.

Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor barry richmond
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


barry richmond and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
This is potentially a very interesting paper that is unfortunately poorly presented as to obsecure its significance and potential impact. The topic is very important, and the approach is very good. The problem is one of presentation, both in bad grammer, syntax, and ill-formed ambiguous statements that do not seem to mean much (e.g., last sentence in first paragraph of introduction). Also lacking is sufficient review of the similar work in the literature (Lewicki, Semoncilli, Klein) to place the contributions of this paper in the propor context. I also urge the authors to revise thoroughly their equations to avoide the use of the same variable name to deonte several different things (e.g., x in Eq.1 & 2, and y in Eqs. 1,6) . 

Reviewer 2 :


