ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
TO:	"Rafael Rodriguez" <rafael@neubas.sld.cu>
REPLY:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 3/5/2004 23:37:26
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Rafael Rodriguez,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Neural activity changes in Supplementary Motor Area induced by dopaminergic treatment in parkinsonian patients ' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made and you present your paper at the CNS*04 meeting.

Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor barry richmond
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


barry richmond and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :


Reviewer 2 :
In this study, the authors tried to determine the neural mechanisms that mediate the parkinsonian motor deficits. They used fMRI to investigate the role of the SMA in the expression of these deficits. The main observation is that the degree of SMA hypofunction correlates with hypokinesia and tremor. Another finding is that there was an " improvement in clinical outcome (with dopaminergic treatment) correlated with increase in fMRI signal ". The Methods and Results sections are difficult to follow because important pieces of information are lacking. Also, I am not convinced at all that the study presents enough new data to warrant publication in the present form.

1. The authors state that they want to " supply evidence of the inappropriate functioning of the SMA in Parkinsons disease ". However, several studies have shown that activation of the SMA is attenuated in parkinsonian patients during performance of a variety of motor tasks including sequential movements (Jenkins et al. 1992 Ann Neurol 32   749 ; Playford et al. 1992 Ann Neurol 32   151 ; Jahanshahi et al. 1995 Brain 118   913 ; Samuel et al. 1997 Brain 120   963 ; Sabatini et al. 2000 ; Haslinger et al. 2001 Brain 124   558). It is not clear how does the design of the present study bring greater resolution to the role of the SMA in the expression of parkinsonian motor deficits. 

2. The authors used a sequential motor task but very little attention is given to the description of the task. Also, the nature of the instructions given to the subjects is not defined. Is it an externally paced sequential movement task ? Is it pre-learned ? Is there any constraint on movement frequency ?

3. The Results section is written in a very confusing way. It needs to be made clearer. I dont understand what was " the less affected side " (Results p. 4). Do you mean the less affected hemisphere or the side of the body clinically less affected by the disease ? We dont have details of parkinsonian patients (age, stage, laterality, i. e., side of the body that is worst affected by the disease). Also, it is not said if the authors select their patients for this study, as the subjects had to be able to perform the task for a certain duration.

4. For the possible relationship between SMA dysfunctioning and parkinsonian motor deficits, the authors should refer to experimental studies in MPTP-treated monkeys that have also provided evidence on this topic (Escola et al. 2003 Brain 126   95).



