ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
TO:	"Christopher Rozell" <crozell@rice.edu>
REPLY:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 3/5/2004 23:37:58
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Christopher Rozell,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Examining methods for estimating mutual information in spiking neural systems' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made and you present your paper at the CNS*04 meeting.

Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor barry richmond
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


barry richmond and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :


Reviewer 2 :
This is a very good paper. [I apologize if this duplicates the previous review; there may have been a glitch in uploading it]. Two suggestions.
First (minor), it is not clear (near top of page 3) what assumptions the phrase "simplifying assumptions" refers to.
Second, the authors might consider including another concern about that certainly affects purportedly rigorous bound estimates 
Any lab measurement of a statistical quantity carries with it an uncertainty -- the *measured* probabilities p(RS), etc., may not match the actual probabilities.  Thus any bound calculated from the measured probabilities may differ, at least somewhat, from the bound calculated from actual probabilities.  This can really be a problem in the very-undersampled regime.

