ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
TO:	"Mark Shelhamer" <mjs@dizzy.med.jhu.edu>
REPLY:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 3/5/2004 23:39:22
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Mark Shelhamer,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Phase transition between reactive and predictive eye movements is confirmed with nonlinear prediction and surrogates' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made and you present your paper at the CNS*04 meeting.

Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor barry richmond
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


barry richmond and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
What is the point of this paper, other than confirming the previous study?  Is it the ability to form surrogates?  You should make this clear inthe abstract and in the introduction. The main points of the article should be emphasized in  more biological terms; e.g., what is useful about knowing that the predictive movements form a random fractal surface?  All of the figures require labels on the ordinate and abscissa. In fig. 4, there are so many thin traces that the graph just looks black.  It is even hard to see the average trace in some of them.  Perhaps this could be redrawn, with average trace and 95% confidence limits, or a few sample traces, to make the point of the figure stand out.

Reviewer 2 :


