ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
TO:	"Peng Xu" <pxu@glue.umd.edu>
REPLY:	"barry richmond" <bjr@ln.nimh.nih.gov>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Tue 4/5/2004 20:5:22
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Peng Xu,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Threshold Detection of Intensity Flashes in the Blowfly Photoreceptor by an Ideal Observer' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made and you present your paper at the CNS*04 meeting.

Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor barry richmond
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


barry richmond and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :


Reviewer 2 :
The paper has a high standard and, if desired, could well go for an oral presentation. I could detect no flaws in the layout of the model as well as in the overall evaluation procedure of the ideal observer. Towards the end, the authors introduce some technical terms the distinction between which seems important. However, despite their obvious importance, they do not introduce these terms properly (parametric information vs. transmitted information, Fisher information vs. channel capacity, maximum information vs. task-specific information). This needs to be clarified.

