                    CNS*93
        Meeting Site and Travel Arrangements

	CNS*93 will be held at two separate locations.  The 
tutorial day and main meeting will be held at the Hyatt 
Regency in Bethesda Maryland, while the post meeting 
workshops will be held at the Coolfont Resort in West 
Virginia.  


TUTORIALS AND MAIN MEETING

Location:
	The Hyatt Regency is located at One Bethesda Metro 
Center (at the intersection of Old Georgetown Road, 
Wisconsin Avenue and East West Highway) in downtown 
Bethesda. The Washington Metro stops literally beneath the 
building, making rapid transit access a snap. There are 
dozens of ethnic restaurants within short-to-moderate 
walking distance.

Accessibility:
	If you are flying to the meeting there are three 
airports serving the area.  Washington National Airport is 
on the Metro line, fares are less than $5 from airport to 
hotel.  Both Dulles International and Baltimore-
Washington International airports are about 45 minutes 
from the hotel.  There are no regularly scheduled shuttles 
to-and-from the hotel.  You may want to arrange for a 
multi-passenger shuttle by calling Award Limousine 
Service (301) 656-9644 a week or more in advance.  
Taxi fare from Dulles or BWI airports is about $40 each 
way.
	If you are driving from any of the airports, the 
easiest way to get to the conference is to get on the 
beltway (I-495) and get off at either Wisconsin Avenue or 
Old Georgetown Road, and drive south about two miles to 
the hotel.  Drivers should note that the hotel offers 
underground parking at a rate of $10 per day, with 
unlimited in-and-out privileges.


POST-MEETING WORKSHOP:

Location:
	Coolfont is located on 1350 mountainous acres in a 
hidden valley between Cacapon Mountain and Warm Springs 
Ridge near Berkeley Springs - in the Eastern Panhandle of 
West Virginia.  Coolfont is just 2 hours from Washington 
and Baltimore, 3 hours from Pittsburgh and Richmond.
Coolfont features conference facilities with rustic charm, 
and also features a mountain lake, an indoor solar heated 
pool, whirlpool, sauna and fitness center.  The price of 
the conference includes all meals Wednesday night (August 
3rd) thru Saturday (breakfast) as well as accommodations.

Accessibility
	  Round trip transportation is also included in the 
cost.  The trip to Coolfont takes approximately 2 hours 
from Bethesda.  The return trip from Coolfont will leave 
at 9:30 Saturday morning.  Buses will arrive at the major 
area airports at approximately 12 noon.      
