                     CNS*93
            Additional information on
             post meeting workshops 


	The Post-meeting workshops will be held over 
two full days at the Coolfont resort in West Virginia. 
The workshops are intended to provide an opportunity 
for conference participants to informally discuss 
results presented at the main meeting as well as 
important issues in computational neuroscience.  The 
organizer of the workshops this year is Bartlet Mel, 
who can be reached at: mel@cns.caltech.edu

Workshop Topics

	Workshop topics will be established in one of two 
ways:  
	1)  Meeting participants interested in 
   particular subjects can submit those subjects prior to 
   the meeting to Bartlet Mel, via email.  Suggestions 
   should include the title of the workshop, a brief 
   abstract describing the issue(s) involved, and any 
   other meeting attendees known to be interested in 
   participating.  
	2)  Workshop subjects can also be suggested 
   during the main meeting.  We are particularly 
   interested in topics that arise as a result of meeting 
   presentations.  
	A bulletin board at the meeting will be used for 
   participant sign-up.  The bulletin board will list all 
   suggested workshops as well as the current list of 
   participants. 

Workshop Structure

	The workshops themselves will be conducted as 
informal discussions.  Large paper tablets will be 
available.  The use of slides or overheads, however,  
will be discouraged.  Each workshop group will be 
asked to appoint a secretary to keep track of the 
relevant questions and discussion points.  Particular 
attention should be paid to the relevant “open” 
questions on the particular issue being discussed.  
Evening sessions will be organized in which each 
workshop will report their results to the entire 
group.  

Workshop Location

	All workshops and lodging for participants will 
be at the Coolfont Center.  This private resort is 
located on 1350 mountainous acres in a hidden valley 
between Cacapon Mountain and Warm Springs Ridge 
near Berkeley Springs - in the Eastern Panhandle of 
West Virginia. The resort includes a lake with 
swimming and fishing, numerous hiking trails, and 
other recreational facilities.  Additional details can 
be obtained from the enclosed brochure.  

Logistical Arrangements

	All participants will be housed at Coolfont.  
Meals and lodging are included in the workshop 
registration costs.  Transportation will be arranged 
to and from the main meeting location in Bethesda.  
The weather can be expected to be quite warm and can 
sometimes be quite wet. Participants should plan 
accordingly.
 . 

Suggestions for Workshop Topics

	Please send:
	1) a title
	2) a brief (300 word) abstract
	3) a list of interested participants

to  Bartlet Mel at : mel@cns.caltech.edu  
