ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Frances Skinner" <fskinner@uhnres.utoronto.ca>
TO:	"Steve Bellinger" <Steve.Bellinger@asu.edu>
REPLY:	"Frances Skinner" <fskinner@uhnres.utoronto.ca>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 5/4/2004 21:35:9
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Steve Bellinger,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Modeling Astrocyte Communication' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Frances Skinner
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


Frances Skinner and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
This is a clearly written paper of a Hofer model extension.  However, please check your model description carefully.  For example, there seems to be a typo on p.2, 3rd line, 2nd paragraph where it says that region 1 interacted with cells 1,2,3,4(?) ... does not seem to correspond with the figure.

Reviewer 2 :
The validity of the way in which Glu and ATP are modeled is questionable. Also, the way that Glu- and ATP-induced Ca fluxes are modeled is probably over-simplified. These over-simplifications may be the reason that the model Ca waves travel twice as fast as those observed in experiments.

