ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Frances Skinner" <fskinner@uhnres.utoronto.ca>
TO:	"Kenneth Eaton" <kpe@duke.edu>
REPLY:	"Frances Skinner" <fskinner@uhnres.utoronto.ca>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 5/4/2004 21:39:32
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Kenneth Eaton,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Confounded spikes generated by synchrony within neural tissue models' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Frances Skinner
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


Frances Skinner and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
Overall this is a nice paper but it would have much more impact if multiple recording sites were considered with some statistical analysis of results. As it is, I recommend that it be accepted for publication (with revisions) but don't think that the work is complete enough for an oral presentation. In their request for an oral presentation, the authors mention additional data but they should have found a way to present it concisely here for consideration.

In spite of that, I suggest only minor revisions for publication. 

1. The window sizes (units) are provided in figure 2 but not in figures 3 and 4. Please provide units for smaller windows and time axis labels for larger. Also, the light gray is too hard to see. 

2. On page 5, missed spikes and correlations in windows of +/- 600 msec? This doesn't seem right considering the 3 msec waveforms.

3. References   Journal article titles should all be lower case.

Reviewer 2 :
The following is a review of the submitted paper entitled "Confounded spikes generated by 
synchrony within neural tissue models".  The focus of the paper is the efficiency of standard
spike detection algorithms when populations of cells firing in synchrony.  
The authors study this problem using a network (128 neurons) of model 
neurons.  They find that when the two cells fire synchronously spike sorting algorithms
show not two but three cells that fire with burst-like patterns.
Overall I find this paper to be well written and discusses potential problems with multiunit 
spike train analysis.  To my knowledge these are new problems and of relevant interest to 
a large community.  Also the paper shows how computational methods may be employed to 
improve the technical side of experimental neuroscience.  I do have several minor concerns
1)	The authors produce synchronous spike discharge via a common synaptic input 
current between cells.  It is unclear if all cells in the network receive common inputs or only 
the two cells of interest.  If only the two cells receive common inputs then this raises the 
question that if, instead of only the two cells, a large portion of the cells receive common 
inputs can the distant cells still be treated as background noise?  It may be the case that 
due to massive field summation even distant yet synchronous cells produce sinks and 
sources that shape the recorded extra-cellular potentials.
2)	How realistic is the degree of synchrony shown in figure 4?  What is the cross 
correlation between the spike trains from R1 and R2 in figure 4?  This information will be 
important so that researchers can place their data in continuum set by figures 3 and 4.  
3)	I assume that the dotted lines in figure 2 C and D are the +/- standard deviation.  
This should be stated in the figure legend.
4)	On page 6 the last sentence states that "R1 and R2 are nearly synchronized but 
not perfectly synchronized due to the assigned variation in the axial resistivity between neurons."
  Does a random assignment of synapse location over the dendritic tree influence 
synchronization as well (I am not sure if the synapses are even randomly distributed over 
the tree since it was not stated in the text).  
5)	On page 8, half way down the page "By using detailed computer models of neural 
tissue, the effects of synchronous firing can BE studied in detail"  The word BE was 
missing from the text.           

