ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Frances Skinner" <fskinner@uhnres.utoronto.ca>
TO:	"James Maciokas" <jbmaciokas@ucdavis.edu>
REPLY:	"Frances Skinner" <fskinner@uhnres.utoronto.ca>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 5/4/2004 21:45:46
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear James Maciokas,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Accurate Dynamical Models of Interneuronal GABAergic Channel Physiologies' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Frances Skinner
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


Frances Skinner and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
Major Points 

There should be a consistency in the use of uppercase letters for different parts of Figures both on the figure and throughout the paper. 

In section "2.1 Model", the term spike template should be explained to mean we used an integrate and fire model.

Sections 2.6-2.12, the acronyms cNAC etc should be written out in full.
  
Section "3.3 dNAC Behavior",  The sentence "Decreasing the strength of the A-type channel in steps up to 120%..." does not make sense.   Did you mean increase?  Or did you mean decrease by 20%?

Minor Points 

In the abstract it says "..1 second .. from 50 to 350 pA" but in section "2.1 Model" it says "...1.5 second .. from 150-300 pA".  Typo?

Figure 1, x-axis labels should have units eg. mM, mV.

Figure 3 has a, b, c, d, e labels but these are never used in the legend or the text.    Also a better quality figure (i.e. higher resolution) would be preferred.

Section 4 Discussion, "Hudgkin & Hukley" should be "Hodgkin & Huxley".

Reviewer 2 :
Very nice story, but the paper is too much about enumerating properties, channels, etc.  The authors should rewrite the text to make it easier to read.

