ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Frances Skinner" <fskinner@uhnres.utoronto.ca>
TO:	"Zuzanna Piwkowska" <piwkowska@iaf.cnrs-gif.fr>
REPLY:	"Frances Skinner" <fskinner@uhnres.utoronto.ca>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 5/4/2004 21:46:58
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Zuzanna Piwkowska,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Recreating active states in vitro with a dynamic clamp protocol' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Frances Skinner
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


Frances Skinner and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The authors propose a method to recreate specific high conductance states intracellularly. They describe the background synaptic input by a global excitatory and a global inhibitory conductances, estimated from recordings of a cell during up-states at two current levels. The mean and variance of the voltage distributions are used to estimate the mean and variance of those synaptic conductances. They then re-inject these conductances using the dynamic clamp method, and are able to reconstruct the high conductance states of the neuron as generated by real synaptic connections.

I have several specific questions/comments 

(1)	Methods, 2nd para, 2nd sentence  two independent colored Ornstein-Uhlenbeck noise processes . Please explain this term to the non-familiar audience, or use a less specific term if it is not possible to provide a short explanation
(2)	I would be happy to learn more about the method of extracting ge(t) and gi(t). For example, why are two current levels of injection used? How different these current levels should be, for the method to work?
(3)	Bottom of page 2  the conductance parameters were computed based on tuning of the membrane area of the cell. The range of permissible areas is quite large, from 10,000 u^2 to 100,000 u^2. Can the authors provide some experimental (or modeling) support for the area value they used to tune their conductance models?
(4)	Results, page 3, 1st para, we controlled perfectly spatial effects (injection and recording at the same location). First, you mean we perfectly controlled spatial effects. Second, injecting and recording at the same location does not ensure perfect control of spatial effects, far from it. You will always have space clamp problems.
(5)	Results, same para, later on  Discrepancies  would have indicated that Vm dynamics were not properly described by the passive membrane equations. I would agree if you knew that the membrane area chosen was accurate. But you dont know that. Hence, is it possible that you succeeded to eliminate discrepancies by chosing some membrane area value, not necessarily the correct one?
(6)	When you re-inject the model synaptic conductances, do you use TTX to abolish synaptic activity resulting from the biological background? The use of TTX or another way of eliminating the biological synaptic background was not indicated throughout the paper.

(7) Please correct the english, mainly semantics.

Reviewer 2 :
Very well presented paper with clear and organized  figures.

