ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Frances Skinner" <fskinner@uhnres.utoronto.ca>
TO:	"Friedrich Sommer" <fsommer@rni.org>
REPLY:	"Frances Skinner" <fskinner@uhnres.utoronto.ca>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 5/4/2004 21:47:37
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Friedrich Sommer,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Synfire chains with conductance-based neurons 
    internal timing and coordination with timed input' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Frances Skinner
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org
If you requested an oral presentation: we're still finalizing the review process of other papers.  You can expect a decision early May. 


Best regards,


Frances Skinner and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :


Reviewer 2 :
The authors study the temporal dynamics of sequence
retrieval in pools of synfire chains using conductance
based model neurons. The work is interesting but a
page limit of six pages makes it hard to present a
complete description of the work. 


Methods  introduce the Pinsky-Rinzel model by name and
define the abbreviation PR that is used later in the paper.

Figures  please add labels to the figure axes. I did
not understand what is plotted in the second and third
panels of figure 1. Figure 3  what are the units for
the background current that is varied?

I would add a small figure illustrating the geometry
of the network.

Typos  Figure 3 caption -- "displyed"
        P.4  "moderatly", "activty"

