ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"Kousuke Abe" <abe@acs.i.kyoto-u.ac.jp>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 9/4/2004 16:29:48
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Kousuke Abe,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Existence of stable states of stochastic dynamics in a model of neocortex' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :


Reviewer 2 :
This paper addresses a very timely and interesting question, but it is
very unclear.  There are three problems the authors should clarify.

1. Explain what differs in the three sample paths  the initial
conditions? and/or the realization of external inputs?

2. Figures 1-2 show a very puzzling effect  voltages are very
correlated from sample path to sample path, but recurrent inputs are
very weakly correlated.  The authors should explain in more detail why
this happens.  If external inputs are uncorrelated from sample to
sample, and recurrent inputs are weakly correlated, then the finding
of high correlations in voltages seems puzzling.  If external inputs
are exactly the same from sample to sample (initial conditions being
the only difference), then clearly voltages can be correlated, but how
could recurrent inputs not reflect these correlations?

3. It seems there is an inconsistency of parameters for the
connectivity. First, I believe the term inside the exponential in
equation (2) should read i1-i2+j1-j2. Second, integration of
Equation (2) for all (i2,j2) for a given (i1,j1) gives approximately
4*sigma**2; hence the total number of connections is
4*sigma**2/Sigma. For the parameters shown in p.4, 4*sigma**2=3600,
which means that Sigma has to be smaller than one to get the 5000
connections. This in turn means a probability higher than 1 to get a
connection in some radius. The authors should discuss this, and
explain whether Sigma is adjusted to have effectively 5000 connections
per neuron.

