ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"mathilde badoual" <badoual@iaf.cnrs-gif.fr>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 2/4/2004 18:8:32
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear mathilde badoual,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'High discharge variability in neurons driven by current noise' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The authors investigate the nature of the high discharge variability observed
in vivo and during up states in vitro. They show that that the coefficient of
variability (CV) and the gamma distribution of the interspike intervals (ISIs)
can be captured in vitro using conductance injection via the dynamic clamp
technique, in agreement with earlier numerical studies. Then they focus
on whether high variability can be obtained in vitro using current noise
injection, modeled as an Ornstein-Uhlenbeck (OU) process. They show that if
the time constant tauI of the OU process is larger than the membrane time
constant tauM, high variability can be obtained, but  the ISI distribution departs
from a gamma distribution and its autocorrelogram shows a peak at small lags.

I think the paper is clearly written and addresses an important topic. It
reaches a clear conclusion and suggests a way to further compare conductance-
vs current-driven neurons in vitro.

Here are a few minor points 

- the term 'noise time constant' in the abstract is not clear. Perhaps 'time
constant of the noisy input' - or something similar - is better.

- the authors refer to Poisson statistics in an inappropriate way, in my
opinion. What they really mean is Gamma statistics most of the time, and this
could be misleading because for Poisson distributed spike trains CV=1, while
for Gamma is always less than 1. This is quite important in a paper about the
CV. I suggest to replace Poisson with Gamma and use Poisson only when the
distribution is actually Poisson, i.e. Gamma with parameter 1.

- in Methods, the sentence "their degree of independence", is
confusing. Better "the degree of independence of the ISIs".

- In fig 1, A, it would be nice to know what the CV values actually are.

- in Fig3, (B), the current should have been chosen point by point in order to
match the output frequency of the points in (A) for the same tauI. Comparison
of CV values must be done at parity of output rate to be meaningful.

Finally, the authors might find interesting that the effect of tauI on the
variability of the spike train was investigated by Rinzel and Svirskis,
Biophys. J. 5 629 (2000), in the same regime as in the present paper, and a
more detailed analysis of the effect of tauI, also in the supra-threshold
regime, has been done by La Camera et al, Lecture Notes in Computer Science
2714, 449-452, Springer-Verlag (2003).

Reviewer 2 :
The paper is quite interesting; technically it can be certainly improved.

1) I strongly recommend to remove the phrase "Poisson statistics" from
the paper.  The Poisson distribution of intervals is an exponential
and NOT a fitted Gamma distribution (the exp. distr.  is obtained for
q=0 but obviously, q>0 for most data sets fitted[see, however, (4)
below]).  Incidentally, note that a Gamma distr. can have arbitrarily
low CV; thus a CV close to one and the ISI being fitted by a Gamma
distribution are two independent findings. In the context of the paper
in makes more sense to talk about irregularity AND bursting or
non-bursting behavior instead of talking about Poisson or non-Poisson.
The successful fit to a Gamma distribution together with a flat
correlogram can then be interpreted as non-bursting behavior and so
on.

2) If the Gamma distribution is used, one of the parameters is
redundant (param. a) because of the normalization by the total number
of ISIs measured; furthermore if q is not an integer, use \Gamma(q+1)
instead of q!. The authors should also state the fitted parameters for
every data set and briefly explain the fitting procedure.

3) Since the paper is about the difference in CV under conductance and
current noise stimulation, the CV for the conductance noise case is not given
but it is only stated that there is a "high CV". Please, give the value for
the CV for this case; the values for the reversal potentials should be stated in 
the Methods section.

4) Just a hint  The ISI histogram in Fig.3 lower middle (model data,
for current stims with short membrane time constant) looks pretty much
like that of a Poisson process - apart from a very short refractory
period at small intervals. Is the Gamma distribution fit shown in this
figure really the optimal one? The CV for this case is close to one
and thus an exponential distribution might provide be a much better
fit (this would be larger at small and large ISIs like the data
suggest).

5) Regarding the stimulation protocol with conductance noise  It is
not clear how the statistics of intervals depends on the correlation
times and variances of the OU processes.

6) What happened without any stimulus? Did the neuron show some spontaneous
activity and if so what was the CV?

