ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"John Beggs" <jmbeggs@indiana.edu>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Thu 22/4/2004 14:8:37
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear John Beggs,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Living cortical networks at the critical point may optimize information transmission and storage simultaneously' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The problem of understanding the behavior of in vitro neuronal networks is a very interesting one. The author proposes a model that is of feed forward nature and composed of binary neurons in order to investigate the problem. It seems to me that a model of such a system should rely on a feedback network of spiking neurons, given the present standard of the field. 

Reviewer 2 :
The paper is to be checked for selfconsistency  Provide some more details on the neural model etc. What is an attractor in a feed-forward network? In what sense the term critical is used and what should criticality mean in a finite system? (cf. results section where "critical" behavior occurs in the supercritical regime)? It does not become clear whether the work show that critical behavior is interesting (which has been shown many times before) or whether there are specific implications with respect to the experiment. By its very setup the simulation can be expectecd to reproduce the effect in question. Discuss, how a natural neural system possibly may obey the specifications on the model.
In what sense the existing attractors can store information? Is it really possible to "learn" particular attrators?

