ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"Alan Bond" <bond@cs.caltech.edu>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Thu 22/4/2004 14:9:35
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Alan Bond,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Representing episodic memory in a system-level model of the brain' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
This interesting approach could be strengthened by some clarification of the relations between hippocampus and cortex, in terms of where episode memories are stored.  As written this comes across as confusing.  It would also be interesting to include some discussion of the points recently raised in the Kali & Dayan (Nature Neuroscience) article that was just published.

Reviewer 2 :
The author presents a framework for representing episodic memories. The paper is clearly written. However, it does not contain any new simulation results, nor does it contain any new ideas about how episodic memory works. Rather, it consists primarily of a review of well-accepted principles of hippocampal functioning.  If the author had instantiated these principles in a working model, and obtained interesting results, I would feel more positively inclined towards the paper. As things stand, despite the good level of clarity, I think the novelty (and thus the significance) of the paper is low. It should be accepted as-is in poster form, but I do not think that it merits inclusion in the proceedings volume.

