ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"Calin Buia" <buia@physics.unc.edu>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 9/4/2004 17:45:32
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Calin Buia,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Rapid temporal modulation of synchrony in cortical
  interneuron networks with synaptic depression' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
In this paper the authors intend to analyze the rapid change of synchrony in
inhibitory networks of Hodgkin-Huxley type models of cortical neurons. Their main
concern is how the synchrony can be modulated even in absence of change in the
firing rates. They propose a mechanisms called synchrony by competition.
They simulate a network of 1000 neurons and study the change in synchronization when one
subpopulation of the network receives an additional external current. They compare
two situations   in the first the inhibition is constant in time and in the second
it includes synaptic depression.

I think this is an interesting problem, but the results shown in this paper are neither
complete nor original enough to qualify for publication. There is no theoretical analysis
at all of the phenomenon they study. The change of synchrony for a given change in
the firing rate is not quantified. It  said that the phenomenon of synchrony by
competition becomes more robust  when synaptic depression is present, but no evidence
is shown about that.
For these reasons I suggest not to publish this paper.

Reviewer 2 :
Well written paper. Seems to me like this is amenable to a more analytic approach beyond simulations.

