ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"Masayoshi Kubo" <kubo@acs.i.kyoto-u.ac.jp>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 7/5/2004 19:58:52
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Dear Masayoshi Kubo,

We're sorry to inform you that your paper 'New Technique for analyzing stationary global activity
in neural networks' is NOT accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings.  The comments of the reviewers
which led to this rejection can be found below.  Notice that you are
still invited to present your paper as a poster at the CNS*04 meeting
and hope that the comments will help you in improving your
presentation.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

COMMENTS FROM REVIEWERS

Reviewer 1:
The analysis of the paper is based on the assumption
that if a nonleaky IF neuron receives an input with
fluctuations of amplitude Qn, then the fluctuations in its output spike train can be approximated by Qn/theta. This assumption does not receive
any justification. In absence of such justification, the paper cannot be published.

Reviewer 2 :
There are a number of points which are unclear or appear unjustified. Overall
I think the paper does not keep the aims stated in the abstract, and I suspect the formal 
steps are incorrect in several places.
As a minor technical remark, the authors repeatedly make a strong point about the Poisson statistics
assumption for the spike train fom each neuron, supposedly needed for the diffusion approach
(pag. 1, 3). It is known, and it is also well explained in one of papers quoted by the authors, 
as well as a few others missed by the authors, that as long as the independence assumption holds
for the input spike trains to a neuron, together with a few additional mild hypotheses, standard 
theorems in queueing theory assure that the cumulated point process 'seen' by each neuron is 
indeed a Poisson process, with no need of assuming Poisson statistics for each contributing
spike train.
However, the main points concern the confusion the authors make when deriving the 'network' properties 
apart from the very poorly explained, and totally obscure to me, formulation of the input currents 
at page 4, it is really unclear to me how the average statistics of the input currents is related to supposed 
'global stationary states', in the absence of any consideration of the network feedback producing 
self-reproducing collective states, and of some assumed relation between the input current and
the firing statistics, implementing such feedback.
Also, the paper is somewhat carelessly written; since the authors declare they want to submit a full paper
for the proceedings, I would point out that a major revision of the manuscript should be considered
in case the contribution would be accepted.
