ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"Maciej Lazarewicz" <mlazarew@seas.upenn.edu>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Thu 22/4/2004 14:11:55
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Maciej Lazarewicz,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Recognition of Temporal Event Sequences by a Network of Cortical Neurons' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :

This paper presents an idea for how a pattern of events defined by
multiple time intervals, on the scale of a 100 ms per interval, could
be transformed into a compressed version of the pattern, where each
event is represented by an action potential and the action potentials
are separated on the scale of a few ms.


The method is closely reminiscent of time-compression ideas described
by Mehta and Wilson (Nature); the current paper should cite them. The
difference is that in the Mehta & Wilson version, the oscillation that
leads to time-compression os spikes is externally driven, whereas here
it is generated through internal mutually inhibitory connections. But
other than that, the root concepts are very similar. 
Minor comments 

(1) The authors should make sure to show, in Fig. 2, that it is not
the first packet of spikes that they are showing  presumably, it is
packets of spikes once the neurons have become quasi-synchronized. Is
there any difference between packets of spikes at the beginning of the
input ramps (yet after synchronization onset) to those compared to the
very end of the input ramps? How about RS firing rates, do they change
at all and how? 

(2) What are the time constants and strengths of the synapses you are
using? This is absolutely crucial information, and we should not have
to go fish Destexhe et al to get it. How about properties of the
cells? A short sentence or two will do.

(3) Noise experiments  this seems like *extremely* small noise! But we
can't really tell-- what you should report is not the rms if the
injected noise current, but the rms of the resulting membrane voltage
noise, compared to the difference between the post-spike reset
potential, leak reversal potential, and the spiking threshold
potential  that is what is going to tell us whether the noise was
large enough to be realistic and an interesting issue, or whether (as
you yourself suggest) you in fact injected so low noise that after
filtering by the membrane time-constant it is like no noise at all and
Fig. 4 is therefore a pointless non-experiment-- right now, we can't
tell whether Fig. 4 convers any real information or not.

(4) Fig. 5  Could you please use the exact same time pattern of input
events as used in Fig. 2A, for easiest comparison?

(5) How precise do the input ramps have to be in order to preserve
order? If there is any noise in the slope of the input ramps, how does
it affect your results?


Reviewer 2 :
I am sorry to say, but the present manuscript is a bit of a mess. First of all -- what is the issue here, gates in waling, sequence generation or motion detection?

Second of all how likely is the connectivity structure proposed?

Third, how likely is the ramping input currents that seem to be the key to the proposed mechanism. Related issue -- here a precise timing is assumed for the onset of the inputs, what would happen is such timings were distored, woudl the mechanism still work?

It is somemwhat puzzling that the neurons in the circtuit respond at a steady firing rate, when the inputs are increasing. The authors allude to the role of inhibition, but then do not explain exactly what is the mechanism.

Some of the paragraph describing figures (e.g. fig3) are nearly incomprehensible, at least for such a short paper. Figure 2 is nearly unreadable.

Perhaps there is a good idea here, but the presentation of the paper makes it very hard to see.

