ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"Andras Lorincz" <alorincz@axelero.hu>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 5/4/2004 10:11:26
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Andras Lorincz,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Noise induced structures in STDP networks' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
Noise induced structures in STDP networks

This paper deals with a rich and interesting subject, namely how do noise and STDP
interact and form networks.
The results are quite interesting, but I have the following comments 

The role and value of delta t in the simulations remains undicussed.
Secondly, delta t  can be scaled out in favor of scaling the weights and the
input. In other words the argument below eq.1 is wrong.

The shape of the kernel K is not given. 

On Fig1. THe caption is not clear. It should more explicitly say what the left
panel shows. It would be of interest to show the activity in the different modes
as well. Looking at the figureI wonder if the connections are symmetric and if
so, why?

On Fig2. Is is possible to give some intuition about the results of Fig.2B+C? 

Finally, the role of noise remains a bit obscure. For instance, how important
is the variance of the noise? These issues would take too much space to discuss
in the paper. However, the authors could consider changing the pitch of their paper and limit their discussion to their actual results.


Reviewer 2 :
The authors analyse network characteristics, such as Barabasi's preferntial attachment model, in neural networks whose synaptic connections follow the STDP paradigm while undegoing random noise stimulation.

Comments 
1. I don't think that ref. 9 is the appropriate one for STDP. I suggest they search for a review dedicated to STDP.
2. The particular version of STDP they use is the additive one. There exist quite a few papers on the multiplicative version, which is implied by the data (e.g. Poo et al
disucss percentage variation of synapses).
It may be very interesting to see the difference between these two types of rules and the way it is reflected in the characteristics of the network that they study.
3. The neurobiological relevance is sometimes unclear. Thus, in the third point made in page 5, where it says 'isolated neurons tend to develop new connections...' it is not clear whether this should be taken as a statement that biologists should test or explain. It certainly looks a little strange.
4. I suggest the authors explain the neurobiological relevance of their findings - why and where are they relevant?

