ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"hamish meffin" <h.meffin@medoto.unimelb.edu.au>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 2/4/2004 18:12:11
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear hamish meffin,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Dynamically Adjustable Contrast Enhancement from Cortical Background Activity' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
This paper follows a previous study by the same authors (ref.[6]). Here, they study specifically
the contrast enhancement in a network of integrate-and-fire neurons with conductance-based synaptic inputs. This is solid work, and the paper
is clearly written.

Reviewer 2 :
This paper is fine, well-written, and competently done.  It is rather incremental in terms of advancing the field.  The authors don't seem to realize that an unbalanced synaptic input is equivalent to a balanced synaptic input with additional postive or negative excitatory drive.  As a result, their comments about balanced input are misguided.

