ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"Kenji Morita" <morita@sat.t.u-tokyo.ac.jp>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 7/5/2004 20:0:16
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Kenji Morita,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'A network model with pyramidal cells and GABAergic non-FS cells in the cerebral cortex' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The authors propose a rate model of the dynamics of a network 
consisting of a number of pyramidal cells and a pooled non-FS cells.
Inferring from the cortical organization observed in anatomy, 
the authors modified the conventional rate model to incorporate 
the fact the dendrites can be regarded as nonlinear units with 
the non-FS neurons directly connected to them. The resulting 
rate model differs from conventional rate model in that 
the threshold non-linearity is applied to each feedforward
currents separately, rather than to the summed total current
to the neuron. With this modified model the authors studied 
the winner-take-all dynamics with self-excitation and global 
inhibition. They claim that, unlike the conventional model,
their model support a "I don't know states", in which all neurons
fire instead of just the winner.

I find the claim of the paper questionable. The so called 
"I don't know" states also exist in the conventional model, 
contrary to what the authors state. This depends on the relative
strength of the self excitation and global inhibition. 
When inhibition is strong and/self excitation is large,
the network always converge to a winner-take-all state.
However, if inhibition and the self excitation are weak,
the network converge to a winner-take-all state only when 
the input pattern has a highly non-uniform distribution; 
otherwise the network converge to a state with all neurons 
fire, which is what the authors call "I don't know state".
So "I don't know state" is not something new in the authors'
model; it exists in conventional model as well.

The paper is interesting in pointing out a new interpretation 
of why the nonlinearity can be put in individual feedforward inputs
rather than the over all summed current. However, the authors
clearly do not understand well the conventional model and their own model. 
They make dubious claims. I would suggest the authors
analytically analyze simple networks with two neurons, for example,
to help understanding of the conventional model and their own model.

Reviewer 2 :


