ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"Michael Rudolph" <Michael.Rudolph@iaf.cnrs-gif.fr>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 2/4/2004 18:15:30
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Michael Rudolph,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Multi-channel shot noise and characterization of cortical network activity.' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
1) Section 2. introducing the methods used in the paper is not
sufficient.  The authors refer to their own papers for the model
equation of the two-state kinetics, for the "distributed generator
algorithm", and for the multicompartment model. However, at least
the former two should be given in the section "Methods"; it is not
acceptable that the reader is expected to read four more papers before
he/she can get an idea about what is (just technically) done in this
paper.  Furthermore, after reading some of those papers  does c really
stand for a "temporal" correlation (p. 2,2. parag.)? Is it rather a
spatial one?

2) The notation and the statistics investigated is not clear at all.  As
far as I have understood, the authors study the statistics of \sum g
r_n(t) (the total conductance, TCS) where g is a fixed parameter.  In
Fig. 1, however, a prob density for "g" is presented which is
confusing; I assume that the authors mean again the TCS.

3) I am most concerned about the analytical result for the mean and
variance of the TCS given in eq. (1). The formula for the variance
does not approach Campbell's theorem for c \to 0 (vanishing
correlation); in this case a 1/N dependence in the bracket
survives. Why? 
Furthermore, calculations with pooled correlated Poissonian spike
trains [a special case of eq.(1)] have been done, for instance in Feng
et al.  Physical Review E 61, 4207 (2000) [certainly not the first
paper on this issue], yielding [cf. eq.(3.2) of that paper] 
\sigma^2 ~ \lambda N (1+(N-1)*c) 
which is obviously pretty different from the result in eq.(1) of the ms.
and also from what can be seen in the simulation results in Fig.2.
Please, explain the difference and define properly the parameter c.




Reviewer 2 :
This paper considers the effect of correlated synaptic input on the membrane potential.
The results are not particularly surprising, but were worth a study.

I have one major comment. Namely, to repeat the definition of the correlated input, as expressed in c, instead of referring the reader to [10]. This would make the numerical and analytical results easier to follow. 

