ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"Gregor Wenning" <gregor.wenning@gmx.de>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Mon 5/4/2004 10:11:59
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Gregor Wenning,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'The Role of Colored Noise in Pulse Detection,
a leaky Integrate-and-Fire Model Study' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
Authors, please, check carefully spelling, figure captions, and dimensions
of all quantities. 

1) It is twice stated in the text that the pulses are added directly
to the membrane potential; the pulse height is accordingly given in
mV.  This stands in contrast to the eq.(3) (which is biophysically
correct) and to the physical dimension of the spike train in this
eq. (which is [dV/dt]). Of course, a current pulse leads to a step in
voltage and not to a spike. If the authors have really added the
spikes directly to the voltage, this would be a severe error! If not,
correct the statements and dimensions mentioned above.

2) Why is the input noise (resulting from spike trains) filtered
whereas the input process is not? Mention fast/slow synapses in intro
and conclusions.

3) Any explanation for the decrease of false detection with increasing
correlation time? Does the firing rate at fixed voltage variance and
without pulse stimulation depend on the correlation time of the noise?

4) If 10000ms are simulated with a 50ms-period pulse train, I get 200
pulses. How can Q (being a pulse difference) be possibly larger than
200 (e.g. 8000 as in Fig.2B)? Repeated stimulation for 10000ms? What
am I supposed to think about numbers like 8000 (Fig.2B), 10000,2000,
or 3000 (Fig.3)? Use Q divided by the total number of pulses that were
used, replot the respective figures.
   
5) Fig.4  What does "90% performance" mean? "In subfigures (C) and (D)
..."  there is no figure (D).

Reviewer 2 :
The authors find that the quality of the detection of pulses increases as the value of tau_X increases (Fig 2). No explanation is provided for this. I think that the explanation is that for large tau_x a positive fluctuation originated by the pulse plus X(t) lives for a longer time than a similar fluctuation when tau_x is shorter. Then, for larger tau_x, it will be easier for the neuron to reach theshold when a pulse arrives and before the fluctuation X(t) decays. This increases the number of correctly detected pulses. A recent study by Moreno-Bote et al (Phys Rev Let vol 92,028102,2004) could help to understand the behavior of the model as tau_x increases. Which is the value of tau_v ?

