ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"Thomas Wennekers" <thomas.wennekers@plymouth.ac.uk>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 9/4/2004 16:31:33
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Thomas Wennekers,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Stochastic Interaction in Associative Nets' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The authors discuss a method to characterize spike correlations
in terms of a distance from statistical independence. These measures
of the spatial and temporal interactions are essentially based on the 
mutual information. The two measures are interesting in principle, but
it is unclear to me whether they can be applied to a realistic network
simulation, and eventually to in vivo data. The authors show the analysis
in a very simplified situation in which there is essentially a chain
of states and some probability (always the same) to jump from a state to
the next or to stay in the same state. The authors should compute they
observables also in the case of simulations, like the ones they present
in figure 2. It is also unclear to me how they can get figure 2B. If all
the neurons are firing synchronously, then it is not clear how the activity
can selfsustain. The authors should provide more details about their simulations
and they should run more realistic simulations in which the activity is
essentially asynchronous, but the instantaneous rate changes in time
(any network of randomly coupled integrate and fire neurons would show this
behavior for properly chosen parameters).
A few spelling mistakes should also be corrected.

Reviewer 2 :


