ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
TO:	"quan zou" <Quan.Zou@iaf.cnrs-gif.fr>
REPLY:	"Nicolas Brunel" <nicolas.brunel@univ-paris5.fr>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Fri 2/4/2004 18:16:37
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear quan zou,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Reconstructing synaptic background activity from conductance measurements in vivo' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Nicolas Brunel
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Nicolas Brunel and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
The fundamental problem with this manuscript is that the essential technique is described with the sentence Based on intracellular recordings at two different clamped currents, we characterized the conductance variations during slow waves by using a recent method based on computing membrane probability distributions (see details in ref. [3]).

Overall, there are two references to the method  Rudolph and Destexhe,  Neural Comput. 15 (2003) 2577-2618 and Rudolph, etal  J. Neurophysiol. submitted (2003). However, the first does *not* describe the method, but rather its inverse (deriving membrane potential statistics from synaptic statistics)  the current method is only suggested in the last paragraph. And, of course, the second reference is listed as being submitted. Since the authors place emphasis on the method (given its inclusion in the title), this leaves the reviewer with little to go on.

The figures need to be reorganized (e.g. the caption of Fig 2 does not match the layout of the graphs).

As mentioned, it is difficult if not impossible to judge the method here, but one question comes to mind vis--vis the apparent necessity of using the EEG to align the intracellular records. That is, since the up and down states are clearly seen in both types of recordings (in fact, up and down essentially refer to intracellular potentials), why does one need the EEG record at all?

The derived conductance traces, as presented, are hard to understand. Specifically, in Figure 1 there is a zero level for each conductance during the down state, with excitation becoming positive and inhibition becoming negative during the up state. Now, I can guess that this is all having to do with relative not absolute values, but this is not made clear.

Idea voltage clamp (from the point of view of the electrode) means an access resistance of 0, not 1M as described in the text.

Reviewer 2 :


