ACTUATOR:	mail
FROM:	"Hidetoshi Ikeno" <ikeno@shse.u-hyogo.ac.jp>
TO:	"Xiangbao Wu" <xw3f@virginia.edu>
REPLY:	"Hidetoshi Ikeno" <ikeno@shse.u-hyogo.ac.jp>
SENDER:	webmaster@neuroinf.org
TIME:	Wed 31/3/2004 14:11:50
-----------------------DATA----------------------
Template accept with revisions

Dear Xiangbao Wu,

We're happy to inform you that your paper 'Increasing CS and US longevity increases the learnable trace interval' may be accepted for
publication in the CNS proceedings provided the required revisions are
made.  Instructions for the revisions can be found below.  Please note
that you get only one chance to resubmit, if the Action Editor Hidetoshi Ikeno
deems that the revisions are insufficient the paper may be rejected
without appeal.  We therefore encourage you to contact the Action
Editor by e-mail soon if you have any questions or concerns about the
required revisions.

The revised paper and a short description of changes made can be
uploaded at http://www.neuroinf.org between July 1 and August 22.  The
Action Editor will decide within one month of paper submission.  You
will receive a separate e-mail with instructions on how to upload
revised papers in June.  The CNS proceedings will appear as a special
issue of the journal Neurocomputing.

Don't forget to register for the meeting at http://www.cnsorg.org

Best regards,


Hidetoshi Ikeno and Erik De Schutter

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REVISIONS

Reviewer 1 :
Fascinating demonstration of the effect of trace interval on classical conditioning.   The model is presented well, except for one equation 
In the last equation in section 2 (for D_i(t)), Desired Activity is one of the terms, but it is not described mathematically. 
In contrast, the results are presented too briefly.  In figure 3, it is not clear what the difference is between the solid line and the dotted line.  Please state so in the figure caption, or add a legend to the figure.
Also, does behavior deteriorate in the rapid, non-linear manner illustrated in Figure 4?  
If not, the authors should indicate what causes this discrepancy between model and behavior.

Reviewer 2 :


